ready
all right we're going to talk about how
to make the best onion rings you've ever
had what you want to do is start off
with a really big yellow onion the
bigger the better when it comes to onion
rings now what we're going to do is
we're going to cut the onion rings
really really thick the thicker the
better on this deal you want to be
careful to watch out for your fingers
though if you don't cut them completely
straight no big deal
big onions little onions they'll all
work now we want to push the onions out
you want to be careful to try not to
break the onion rings if you break them
no big deal but we're trying to be
traditional here
what you want to do is put the onions in
a bowl and now we're going to put water
and milk in the bowl about a 50/50
mixture what you want to do is make sure
your onions are completely submerged in
your water milk mixture I use skim milk
if you use 2% or 1% no big deal what
we're going to do now is set those aside
and let them soak for a little bit when
cooking just onion rings I use vegetable
oil a lot of times cooking turkey I like
to use peanut oil as you'll see I'm
using a cast iron pot I really like to
use cast iron for cooking because it
retains heat a lot better and a Big O
thermometer thermometers are very
important because you want to make sure
you keep your heat within a certain
range right here we're using the Camp
Chef Explorer cooker this is a really
nice cooker because it's portable and it
gets really hot it'll push about 60,000
BTUs alright now it's time to get our
flour ready this is pretty complicated
okay so pay attention
all right flours done what we're going
to do is we're going to do a two-step
process on our dip all this consists of
is buttermilk and milk it's about a
60/40 mixture there's really no precise
mixture on this the more buttermilk you
use and the less milk you're going to
have a thicker batter stir it up a
little bit with the old Leatherman
not quite to 350 yet got a little bit
ways to go but it won't take long that's
for sure all right I wasn't kidding
about the flower it's very very simple
the key to remember is you do not put
anything in your flower okay you always
season afterwards when you fry all right
what we want to do now is we're going to
take the onions into the flower what
this process is this process is a dry
wet dry process meaning you put the
onions in the flour first then you go
wet which is into our buttermilk milk
mixture and then we're going to go back
into the flour what this does it helps
ensure a good batter on our onion rings
you don't want to batter just once so we
go into the buttermilk back into the
flour and you can kind of see it almost
looks like a paper mache plaster
I mean yet that onion is back in the
flour it's really got a good coat of
flour and just looks really really
sticky so what we can do now is we can
now roll the onion rings again in the
flour and our batter is going to be
twice as thick again you can control the
thickness that your batter by either
using more buttermilk less milk or you
can cut it thinner to where it's not
going to get as thick onion right there
that's a good looking coat we're not too
thick we're not too thin this is an
example of a single batter versus a
double batter you can really see that
there's just a lot more of threading on
the onion with a double batter and again
I'm not saying that we want to get as
thick as possible I'm not a fan of an
onion ring that's covered in lots of
batter
all right we have reached temperature
350 degrees into the Greece we go
man those are gonna be good
and while they're done now they don't
the onion rings don't take very long and
you can tell that they are done when
they turn a nice golden brown and you'll
see the batter kind of start to separate
from the onion drain the grease off now
here's the here's the important part as
soon as you pull them out of the grease
you want to season them immediately what
this is going to do is going to help the
season to stick to the onion ring but it
also helps draw a lot of that grease
that surface grease out of the engine
and the seasoning we're using is
field-proven camp shake this seasoning
is a it's a flavor enhancer it's not
very overpowering it's great on
everything but it actually brings the
flavor out of the onion itself this is a
great seasoning you want to kind of flip
the onions over and batter both sides so
that way you get a good coat and while
those onions cool down let's go ahead
and throw a few more in the cooker cast
iron is great for cooking it's very
durable and it holds heat well look at
that maintaining 350 no problem
I like to use a big look scoop for
getting onions out so that way the
onions don't necessarily just sit in the
grease while you're trying to pull them
out when they're all done at the same
time you kind of want to get them out so
that way you're not pulling them one at
a time and they ones that are left in
the oil burn this scoop is actually I
think it's my wife's ice fishing scoop
for when she used to live up in Iowa
she's an important to Kentucky from Iowa
so the ice fishing scoop works great as
a is a frying scoop not much ice in
Kentucky that's for sure
as you can see the batter is got a nice
coating of batter it's not real thick
it's not like biting into a hushpuppy
you can even see some of the onion
exposed and the best part is is what
you're about ready to see is the reason
we soak these onions before we cook them
is because I despise an onion ring that
when you bite into it the onion pulls
out we don't want that we want to take a
bite and get equal amount of onion and
batter we don't want to scald our lips
with some onion pulling out of the ring
you can put a little dipping sauce down
really you can use anything you like
ketchup barbecue sauce whatever this
here this sauce here I found at Dollar
General actually it's called blossom
sauce it's pretty daggone good though
there you go here's a test of a good
onion ring when you bite in the onion
the onion does not pull out my gosh
those are good that there is
field-proven seasoning camp shake onion
rings give it a try I promise you won't
be disappointed thanks for watching